James there you are okay James yeah last  time we drove a Ford GT you had a bit of  a spin okay this one is worth twice as  much and is more powerful okay yeah so  all you need to do to make sure that you  and the car are gonna be okay is just oh  the basement of replying  [Music]  so if you do those things you and the  Ford GT  gonna be fine  [Music]  okay Park  V-Max mode  [Music]  it drops so cool  Drive  launch control  hi I'm James let's rewind a second  this is the Ford GT the newest one the  last gen from 2005 tried to spin me into  a wall as a gentle reminder that it's a  car based on a real race car and call it  Stockholm syndrome or more accurately a  trauma Bond but I've been obsessed with  it ever since and incidentally this new  Ford GT is cut from the same racing  cloth it's a car designed by a small  team and a wind tunnel all with one main  goal in mind  speed  660 horsepower  wow wow wow  all the adrenaline  [Music]  all right I'm doing that again I'm doing  that again that's just too much fun oh  God  hey how's your F-150 engine it is bloody  fast thank you very much and it's not  all F-150 it's different  okay fair enough well listen I'll see  your tractor engine attached to a rather  beautiful car to be fair and I'll raise  you a naturally aspirated V8 yeah but  can yours do this  no no didn't think  that's a front axle lift yeah yeah but  just wait I'll push it and now this has  that as well oh all right race all right  okay I'm gonna use launch control this  doesn't quite put its power down like  the base C8 which just kind of hooked up  anywhere and went off the line this one  takes a little bit more finesse  um and I will finesse because it's going  to take all the Finesse in the world to  beat that because he's way lighter than  me way lighter than me  okay this is going to be a game of  traction cup twos versus cup two r's  both Mid Engine  two American supercars okay here we go  [Music]  [Music]  [Music]  oh come on  and now I'm taking him  [Music]  oh  it's a good thing this has good brakes  wow and the wing popped up for the  braking that is so cool  okay the only thing I can lean on is  price that's all I've got  all right  so just like  how much did each meter cost that you  beat me by and depreciation roughly no  because 20 000.50 no because they're  still in profit really because if you  get an allocation you're still half a  million North  so you've only made less profit that day  less yeah  I you know I mean listen it's not about  the Dig is it right even though I took  you there if you watch the films yeah  right forward versus Ferrari yeah yeah  Rush yeah Rugrats movie all of them 100  it's all about the roll race you come  around that corner onto the straight  yeah the Sun's shining it says Willow  Springs the the drivers look at each  other with then yeah okay so let's let's  do those  all right all right that's very  impressive though isn't it very  impressive really good yeah  okay roll race it is just to recap  the Corvette Z06 is a freaking weapon  that is essentially a hyper car these  days  foreign  [Music]  what a car what a car  wow these two vehicles wow wow wow  so that answers that but it doesn't  fully answer why the Ford GT is worth  over a million dollars now let's see if  James can figure it out  foreign  [Music]  and obviously I was slightly afraid of  it  it is  absolutely  beautiful nominal  this is what happens  when just pure passion goes into a car  and it's you know it's scary and Willow  Springs is a scary circuit  but the level at which this car  communicates is is next to I it makes an  sto Huracan feel like an R8 Audi like  the minutia of information  [Music]  the chassis  this car doesn't go around corners so  much as it just puts them in a choke  hold  and Taps them out  it's not a big fighter it's more of like  a Bruce Lee it's light it feels so light  the weight transfer the wheel slip the  understeer the oversteer  the steering the hydraulic rack  is incredible  come around this corner drop the second  gear floor it  thank you  fourth gear the shift light's doing  their thing it's Sensational and it's  not even  we don't even have to go crazy speeds at  low speeds just you immediately feel  special  it's not it's not got a crowd or a  particular note it's it's angry  [Music]  and it's loud  foreign  GT doesn't attempt to serenade you in  the cockpit the way an LFA or a Ferrari  does it doesn't care ask it why it  doesn't care and it will join the Viper  ACR in telling you to shut your commy  mouth because unlike Hermione Granger it  has sorted out its priorities it knows  what its strength is its avatar-like  connection to the driver and the  confidence that comes with that from the  tarmac to your fingertips the level at  which this Ford GT communicates allows  the driver to extend their Consciousness  to every corner of the car and without  getting too weird there's pleasure in  that  yeah everything is doing it's just it's  pouring information syrup into my brain  but it's like a warm molasses it's so  welcome and yet somehow I have a chill  and and I'm styling shaking  I I'm still not fuzziness in my hands  from the launches  that might be I might have a medical  issue so I could be unrelated  what a car  so much power under throttle and this  has got all the upgrades from 2020 so  that power was more readily available  550 pound feet of torque and this talk  for days cut two tires there's plenty of  grip  if it's exhaust  it sounds brilliant in the cabin outside  I thought I thought that would be the  downfall of this car  I do not take this for granted driving  the Ford GT on Willow Springs  owned by one of the designers of the car  who just out of good graces lend it to  us to make this film I mean what a  legend  it has all the excitement of an  Aventador with way better shifts it  feels more special but dare I say it  looks more special  [Music]  so ridiculously good you have to go to a  BAC Mono to get anything as thrilling  you have to go to a BAC Mono  everything else is just a car  so  that's what over a million dollars gets  you these days  let's see what after markups a quarter  of that gets you  foreign  [Music]  okay  bear with me for a second this is not  the corner of the price of the Ford GT  nor is it hey C8 Z06 but this is the  Genesis this is where it all started for  the c806 this is a 458 specialty  especially it is  okay so I'm in this for a couple reasons  number one I wanted to I wanted to drive  it number two I want you to listen  to the sound of a 9000 RPM flat playing  crank Italian V8  when they were making the new Corvette  as we told you last time we drove it  they wanted the clinical speed of a  Porsche GT2 RS  soul of a 458  let's see if they're on to something  last time we drove this we drove it on  the road  and you can't really push a car like  this on the road  [Music]  sound  [Music]  hahaha  there is some 458 in that no question it  sings but it sings a slightly different  song it's like it's in a different key  but the sound is still just so  so special  I got free reign  the Z06 with the traction control turned  off at Willow Springs  [Music]  this is a car it is one hell of a car  it doesn't nearly feel as light as the  458 and I'm sure it doesn't feel as  light as that Ford GT  but  the grip you  so confident  this car is a full step above the base  C8  the performance the speed the grip  everything is just one level up  in almost every metric the Z06 drives  like a tribute to the greatest sports  cars but like Queen going back on stage  without Freddie Mercury as good as the  rest of the band is there's something  missing  biggest Achilles heel of this car is  that there is no steering feedback  whatsoever  I'm just not getting any communication  from the front end  it's frustrating because otherwise I  the fact that this could do road service  so well it's comfortable you can Cruise  in it it's got every amenity that you  could possibly wish for and then it can  crush on a track like this with  performance and speed like this  it's missing the one thing it's missing  that communication it's missing that  engagement from the front end but if you  can get over that or if you just don't  care this is one of the most amazing  cars that's come out in a decade  to the whole team at Corvette you guys  have done an unbelievable job with this  truly truly great car  We're not gonna go drive that Ford GT  now  okay so I said a little go in that a  little guy it is  absolutely incredible isn't it like  absolutely stunning to drive and I hate  saying it because it's so unattainable  yeah  exactly speaking of which what a flex  bringing out what's up  that is this is dream car material for  me that was a Meet Your Heroes moment  I've been waiting years to drive one of  those and it absolutely lived up well we  we theorized when we drove the f8 yes  that we for the natural aspirated engine  if it feels exactly like the fa in every  other way that's the car which it pretty  much does which it which it does yeah  now that is a stunning card to look at  and to drive it's just delicate and  beautiful and this honest to God this is  not me being a shill I know they  benchmarked and they can encrypted the  soul of a 458. it genuinely has the same  kind of sauce that that does well that  benchmarked this and this they put the  Ford GT team that's right one of those  an actual 448 especially to work on this  so yeah it is the father of these two  cars in some ways in a lot of ways yeah  in a lot of ways just what an  unbelievable Trio sitting here they they  all have their kind of like  strengths yeah right like we'll get to  the beauty in a second yeah but the the  way this handles its chassis to the way  it puts down the power have no issue  with this V6 versus a V8 I don't miss  the V8 at all no no fair enough fair  enough and then you've got the Ferrari  which dances and the shifts on that are  so exciting they're so fun and the sound  ah yeah and then you've got this which  is the baby version it's it's not  matched it's not matched no but like to  be fair that is the Speciale and this is  like the never carbon thingy yes right  these are both like hunkered down  hardened versions this is a road car  based off of the stingray like this is  yes there's a range of these no it  drives so nicely on the road the ride is  unbelievable it's got all the stuff on  the inside yeah you can't daily this no  the storage the the what storage there  isn't it it doesn't exist there's air  vents and and you know buttresses yeah I  don't know if I've used that correctly  no yeah you nailed it yeah it's I know  it's a work of art and as much as this  came close I don't know a Z06 owner that  wouldn't give their left leg  to own one of these instead probably  right for the same money everyone would  make that trade yeah you're probably  right this is the more desirable car you  know I think it looks just shocking in  real life it's so low right it has that  low Ford GT thing that they're supposed  to have right and the drop it does oh  the drop is so cool even the headlights  look like art no I know  it is just such an unbelievable vehicle  and you get like they're worth so much  money now  but like I get it I get there's so it's  so desirable as a car everything about  it all the interior like the steering  wheel is so cool in the seats with the  pedals the pedals that don't the seat  doesn't move the pedals come to work you  you pull the lever and the pedals go  it's just and the doors go up  I know like you haven't hit your head  you haven't hit your head on these doors  as much no I haven't because it doesn't  have the thing here that cuts into the  roof when we filmed the previous  generation 4 GT Thomas had a red mark on  his head the whole day  yeah all right so where are we out here  then what's what's  well like in terms of visual visually I  think the Ford GT is the most exciting  yeah I think this is the most beautiful  and this is a totally acceptable  like in between like visual design for  the money you're getting a really  special looking car yeah but I've said  it before and I'll say it again I think  that this is the Z06 doesn't look as  good with the z07 package with all the  arrow I think it looks better with like  just a little bit more toned down but  you get the carbon fiber Wheels yes and  look at two r's and the Same by the way  the same people that make the carbon  fiber Wheels on the Ford GT yes I  believe that everybody kind of gets them  from the same yeah there's literally  it's monopolized yeah apparently yeah  no this is these are just a brilliant  set of vehicles and I like dream car  everywhere everywhere everywhere as far  as this is an incredible day incredible  and you know  we we play big on throttle house we make  it look fancy with Carson's amazing  editing but really we are a small team  and it's thanks to owners you know this  is from a press car but these two are  owner cars and that owner has helped it  was one of the three people that  designed the car yeah and this owner  just has a massive passion for this car  so it's a thanks to them and all the  owners that have ever helped us make  this stuff happen so we're really  grateful and uh thanks to you for  watching so that we can continue to yeah  find a reason to come down here and film  ridiculous videos like this if there was  a sappy ending no I was gonna say if  Burly men like me cried I would be  crying right now uh but I just just  quick go to a conclusion masculinity  don't laugh  to many the new Corvette is as confused  about its identity as James's is it an  Italian copycat exotic is it a  home-grown American sports car is it a  budget 458 well we raced the Speciale in  the Z06 just for fun and yeah they are  pretty much matched but perhaps it's  best if you try not to think too hard  about all of that enjoy it for what it  is an amazing sounding high performance  mid-engined experience one that we  suspect will be very quick around our  home track when we set a lap time this  spring so even though it's not an  insanely exclusive investment the  naturally aspirated engine mounted  behind the driver and razor-sharp  driving Dynamics elevate it to a level  of American Sports Car held by only one  other badge the fooled GT  fewer than 1500 will be made by the time  it's finished its six-year run that  started in 2017 and from an MSRP  perspective the Ford is worth every  dollar more than that Corvette from  behind the wheel and those that have  driven one should count themselves among  a very lucky Bunch it's not something  that we're gonna forget anytime soon  because from the moment you close that  door you discover that it's much more  than just a rare rolling piece of art  it's a visceral memorable potentially  life-altering experience of all the cars  currently on sale the Ford GT earns its  place as America's Champion it's a name  plate founded on flipping the bird to  European performance and call the Ford a  bad influence but having now driven both  of these cars on the same day on the  same track in the same desert we think  the new Corvette Z06 stands proudly  cited on the podium  sporting a wry smile slowly raising its  middle finger as well  thanks for watching  [Music]